see Joe that's why your parents told you
not to jump on the bed what is this
fruit nut Monica's making Jam
whoa Jam I love Jam hey how come we
never have jam at our place because the
kids need their shoes
what end of business people sick and
tired of being depressed about Richard I
need a plan plan to get over my man
what's the output a man Jam Joey don't
wait too hot
this will just be my batch then when
you're a kid and your mom and drop you
off at the movies with a jar jam and
little spoon
you're so pretty
hi okay see the gate oh you know that
guy who's been following me I talked to
him today possum
I'm friendly okay first I'm not crazy
and second say it don't spray it
night-night bing-a-ling night-night
Janice look at all that room on her side
bit of giant penguin over there
every weirdo hug and roll time I'm
huggin I'm huggin you're rolling and yes
freedom do you except for this arm stuck
on
okay time for the old tablecloth trick
one fluid motion quick like cat quick
like cat and one two three
that's all right I just had a jar
mustard okay
sperm donor number oh three eight one
five come on down okay six to 170 pounds
and he describes himself as a male Geena
Davis
you mean this more than one of us you
can't do this mom alright if you did it
something oh you know what I'm gonna
tell mom I'm sorry but he's right I love
you but you're crazy why why is this
crazy so this isn't the ideal way to do
clothing removing still talking they may
not be ideal but I'm so ready
no I see the way Ben looks at you it
makes me ache you know check it out jam
crackers okay alright how's this 27
italian-american guy he's an actor born
in Queens Wow big family Seven Sisters
he's the only boy oh my god under
personal comment New York Knicks rule
yeah the Knicks rule
Joey this is you all right little sperm
bank
well right after I did that sex study
down at NYU hey remember that sweater I
gave you for your birthday and that's
how you bought it no that's what I was
wearing when I donated I'm kind of
surprised if any of my boys left oh
honey it is pretty competitive I mean
I've got an actual rocket scientist here
maybe I should call this place and get
them to put my days of our lives gig on
here
Oh juice this puppy up a little